# Grupo 1

## Integrantes

| Nome | Matrícula | Github |
|:----:|:---------:|:------:|
| Gabriel Araújo | 12/0118220 | [@Gabiras12](https://github.com/Gabiras12) |
| Jonathan Moraes | 12/0122553 | [@arkye](https://github.com/arkye) |
| Jonathan Rufino | 10/0107826 | [@JonathanRufino](https://github.com/JonathanRufino) |
| Laércio Júnior | | [@laercios](https://github.com/laercios) |
| Luís Resende | 12/0036754 | [@luisfrvilela](https://github.com/luisfrvilela) |
| Pedro Sales | | [@PedroHenriqueSales](https://github.com/PedroHenriqueSales) |
| Phelipe Wener | 12/0132893 | [@pwener](https://github.com/pwener) |
| Rafael Rabetti | 13/0016560 | [@rafaelrabetti](https://github.com/rafaelrabetti) |
| Tâmara Barbosa | 12/0022613 | [@tamarabarbosa](https://github.com/tamarabarbosa) |

## Tarefas

### Tarefa 1 - Inspeção

* [Wiki](https://github.com/fga-verival/2017-1Grupo1/wiki/Inspe%C3%A7%C3%A3o)
* [Referências](/practices/inspection/bibliography.md)
* [Apresentação](/practices/inspection/inspection.pdf)
